Initial hello world tutorials (#1139)
gircore/gir.core: docs/docs/tutorial/gtk/index.md

# Gtk Tutorial

When learning GUI frameworks like GTK, QT and wxWidgets it is common to teach the basics using code to make the learning experience easier. In a real life GTK application you will probably want to create a ui file using either [GTK Builder XML](https://docs.gtk.org/gtk4/class.Builder.html) or [Blueprint](https://jwestman.pages.gitlab.gnome.org/blueprint-compiler/) to build the UI.

> On the internet you will often see Glade mentioned for building GUIs in a user friendly wysiwyg editor. Glade does not work with Gtk 4 however there is a new project [Camblache](https://gitlab.gnome.org/jpu/cambalache) which will build GUIs in a similar way to the old Glade project that was used in GTK 2/3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the internet you will often see Glade mentioned for building GUIs in a user friendly wysiwyg editor. Glade does not work with Gtk 4 however there is a new project [Cambalache](https://gitlab.gnome.org/jpu/cambalache) which will build GUIs in a similar way to the old Glade project that was used in GTK 2/3.
```

> If you are wanting to use Blueprint to build your UI then you can use [Workbench](https://apps.gnome.org/en-GB/Workbench/) to see a preview as you write the blueprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Blueprint to build your UI then you can use [Workbench](https://apps.gnome.org/en-GB/Workbench/) to see a preview as you write the blueprint.
```
